(show music plays)
Hi, my name is
Zach Galifianakis.
Welcome to another addition
of Between Two Ferns.
My guess is Will Ferrell.
- Will: Hey.
- Zach: Hey man.
- Will: What's up?
- Zach: What's up?
- Will: Great to see you.
- Zach: Nice to see you too.
- Will: Thanks for having me. It's fun.
- Zach: You look great.
Thank you.
You look really good.
- Will: Likewise.
- Zach: Yeah.
We've really never had a
sit down, one on one--
I think we had that lunch one time.
We did have a lunch, right, in New York?
You're a big lunch guy too.
Yep.
I knew that was the case.
Everything Must Go, is kind
of a departure for you right.
Yeah. You've done a little
bit of that where
you get to do a more serious...
You do one for them, and
you do one for you.
Right.
- Zach: Yeah, that's the kind of...
- Will: Bones it out.
Um.
Uh.
Oh God, that really hurt.
Did that--
I'm sorry. Did that hurt you?
I felt like we barely touched.
Should we see a clip?
(foreign language is spoken)
(a child in the background is whining)
That was good.
- Will: There you have it.
- Zach: Yeah.
And just to be real clear
with the audience,
that's the part of the film
where the monkey grabs
a frog to suck on his genitals.
Right. I think this is
going pretty well so far.
I'm having a great time.
Yeah, it's nice to have you
here. Do you mind
if I do a little word from the sponsor?
Oh no, not at all. Yeah. You gotta...
Okay.
Handle it.
Man and Speed Stick.
I actually have a
sponsor as well--
Oh, really?
--If you wouldn't mind
indulging me. It's Charlie.
It's a women's perfume.
It's a woman's perfume.
Does it smell good?
It's pungent.
I'll just leave it at that.
- Zach: Yeah.
- Will: Yeah.
In your down time, what
do you get up to?
Well, I like to do a lot of
work with the community. The--
What's going on?
Kid: You're fat.
Can I just stop you real
quick, and just say,
what a wonderful atmosphere
you have here.
It's a great set. It's a great vibe--
Great incredible spread.
In fact, I was having--
Can you bring up some of those
cherries over?
I was having some of these
cherries--
Have you tried any of these
cherries?
Just take one bite of this.
Is that not the nicest cherry?
Mmm.
Do you have the--
Thank you.
You okay?
Let me help you with it.
What is your favorite app?
Oddly enough...
Um, did I leave my keys here?
What?
My car keys. I can't find my keys.
That was like two and a half
years ago.
Can I just look around.
Yeah.
Oh, I got them.
Cool.
Yeah.
See you guys.
Bye.
What kind of other things
do you do in your down time?
I'm starting to manage
dance teams, hip-hop groups.
Oh that's great.
Yeah. Anywhere from 4-50
kids, and just a lot of
energy, a lot of emotion, a
lot of fun, a lot of high-fivin',
a lot of smiles.
That's basically the
mantra of it. It's like a
lot of high-fives. Is that
what you said?
I said, if you were listening,
a lot of emotion,
a lot of high-fives, and a
lot of smiles.
That's what I said.
And I was pretty clear
about what I said.
I listen to what you're asking
me, and
if you're not listening to
my answers lets just call it a day.
But the mantra is--
Just shut up about the mantra.
Just shut up!
Okay!
Yeah.
Okay.
If you can't get the
fat out of your ears,
and listen then why am I here.
Get the fucking fat out of
your ears!
Okay. You know what?
I'm not that fat!
Okay?
I lost 9 pounds.
(Will cracks up)
Ow!
(show music plays)